OK,
guys,
Now we're gonna have look at another property and that is the end property.
Now,
this is gonna prove really useful to you as you develop your programming skills because
your data sets convey vary.
So it could be that your data set of the moment goes from a five to see 10.
But what happens if it expands?
Well,
you don't have to keep going into your code and modifying the range a fire to see 10.
What you want to be able to do is capture it dynamically.
So,
Master,
in the end,
property is the first step to that.
Now the end property effectively does.
If I select in a five and hit control on my right arrow,
we would flip straight over to the end there.
I don't know if I hit control and down Arrow,
I will go to the bottom of the range Control and left Arrow is going to take me up and
control an up arrow is going to take me back to here now.
I'm not gonna go through all of these cuts.
Essentially,
we have moving,
writes moving left,
moving up and moving down so you can play with them all to your heart's content.
But here's the thing.
If you recorded a macro what you would actually get from that first action where I selected
range A five,
it would select range a 51 line of code.
And with that selection it would go to the property end,
excel to right,
which is this part here,
and then apply the select method,
which basically means he would move from here to here.
Now that is the recorded macro version.
Now we already know because of what we looked at in the last section that we confer the
streamline this rather than specifying a selection and then acting on that selection weaken
,
Just replace the words selection with the object itself.
So run same range a five select selection dot end.
We can just say range a five dot end excel to write dot Select on.
That is gonna wish you're away over there to the right.
Okay,
Now,
also,
we don't necessarily need to state categorically that we're going to start on a five if we
view some of the code to get to the cell that we actually want or if we want to let the
user select which sell to begin from.
We can use the active cell and use the Excel end to right.
So for now,
I'm just going to hit their fate.
And I'm just concept through this that's taken served to their click back here.
Also never.
Press F eight on.
We can just go through all of these and you'll find that these worked perfectly well.
So d five,
we're moving to the left and they go,
we move over to the left and on and on and on.
I'm not going to get through them all.
You can have a play with them to your heart's content.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next like